Added contribution notes and code of conduct. (#766)
DLR-AMR/t8code: README.md

You can also find the documentation of our releases on the [t8code website](https://dlr-amr.github.io/t8code/pages/documentation.html).

### License and contributing
t8code is licensed under GPLv2 (see [COPYING](COPYING)). We appreciate
contributions from the community and refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
for more details.

Note that we strive to be a friendly, inclusive open-source
community and ask all members of our community to adhere to our
[`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 

> To get in touch, [open an issue](https://github.com/trixi-framework/Trixi.jl/issues/new)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get in touch, [open an issue](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/issues/new)
```
